[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
To me, the point
of the shamanic traditions
around the world
should be to instill
a deep confidence
in our own intuitive capacity.
Imagine how life on earth
would be if we could each tap
into our essential truths.
Instead, we're led to follow
others' intuitive abilities
and stories, perpetually
marginalizing
our own capacities
for discerning truth.
Jean Slater is
here with me today
to demonstrate that
everyone can have access
to higher intuition, no
matter whether you're
right- or left-brain dominant.
Welcome, jean, it's good to
have you on the show again.
It's been about five years,
I think, since our last time.
>>JEAN SLATTER: Oh, my gosh.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Yeah.
It's been a long time--
>>SLATTER: Nice to be here.
>>REGINA: --when we were
over in the other studios.
And you know, we decided
to do this and then,
in leading up to it, we
did a little experiment
on a little live show with
a small audience just,
playing with the
subject of intuition
and how it comes to each of us.
And what was so cool is that it
was very clearly demonstrated
that you and I have almost
180-degree opposite ways
of coming at accessing
our intuition.
And so the people
were saying god,
I love it because
I always think,
gee, I have to do it this way,
or I have to do it that way.
You're saying no.
>>SLATTER: Right.
The whole idea of intuition
can be very intimidating
to many people.
>>REGINA: Yeah, You think
you have to be gifted.
Not true.
>>SLATTER: True.
Or go through a
near-death experience.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SLATTER: No.
But the truth of it is that,
that voice of our higher
guidance is alive and well
in each and every one of us.
As a matter of fact, because
we are spiritual beings having
a human experience, we are
never separated from it.
So it's always accessible.
>>REGINA: Yeah, but we
sure know how to ignore it.
>>SLATTER: Oh, boy.
I think we're trained,
we're brainwashed
into valuing our logic
and ignoring the one
part of us that actually has--
>>REGINA: --that matters.
>>SLATTER: --so much
Information to get to.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, no, it's interesting,
because I met you
many years ago.
And at the time, you
were working full time
as a naturopathic health coach.
And you were very
successful with people
because you were
using divination
as part of the practice,
which is why I originally
interviewed you and
your book, "Hiring
the Heavens," of course.
So let's talk a
little bit about where
you stumbled into
the use of divination
to access your
higher consciousness.
Because you had been in jobs
prior and earlier in your life
that were very left brain.
>>SLATTER: Well, I was
installing mainframe computers
for heaven's sake's,
very left brain.
And I would never have
considered myself intuitive.
But working as a traditional
nature path kind of
forced me into it.
Because wanting to help
my clients in the best way
that I could, I soon
found out that I could not
stick with just the physical.
I could not stick
but just talking
about nutrition or biology
or nutrients or something
like that.
I had to expand into what's
going on in your life?
What would be the cause of
the particular condition
that you have?
You see, everybody's
got a life journey.
And whatever is
going on physically,
there's usually an
emotional or mental belief
or spiritual issue behind it.
And an example would be a client
that I was working with that
was having thyroid issues.
Her doctor said they
were thyroid issues.
All her blood tests showed
they were thyroid issues.
And yet, when I began to work
with her, her guidance said,
you can take all
the supplements.
You want you can take all
the medication you want,
and it's not going to resolve
the problem, because this
has to do with
something her soul wants
her to understand and to learn.
And so in checking in
with her higher guidance
and using divination to find
out what was really happening,
her guidance said that it
had to do with an issue that
happened when she was 29.
I said, what happened
when you were 29?
She said I got married.
And I said, OK, tell me
about what that means.
And she immediately knew.
You see, when she
decided to get married,
her husband was quite a player.
And she told
herself, things will
change after they get married.
She threw out all of
their married life,
never spoke up about it, and
he continued to be a player.
Well, when you don't speak
up and tell your truth,
that affects your throat chakra.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SLATTER: And it
affects your thyroid.
>>REGINA: Right.
Exactly.
>>SLATTER: So here it is.
She has been on
medication for years, been
doing all these different--
herbology and
nutrient techniques
to try to resolve the problem.
And it didn't have to
do with that at all.
So very early on, I learned
that, if you're really
going to work with
healing, you have
to bring an insight from
the one part of you that
actually knows what's going on.
And that is your
higher guidance.
And your higher guidance
knows everything about you.
And yet we tend to
ignore that part.
>>REGINA: And that's
really what you're
devoted to is helping
people access that.
That's my passion as well.
And that's where
we really connect,
even though we have very
different ways of doing it.
So now, one of
the tools that you
played with when you were
doing that, and you still use,
which is--
I love it.
I have a couple of them at home.
You turned me on
to it 10 years ago.
This book, which
is by Dale Olson--
and it's basically a
pendulum chart book, right?
It's just--
>>SLATTER: It is.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It's the Doorway to Knowing
Your Intuitive Mind.
So it has all these charts
and it, has nutrients,
it has salts, it has
yes/nos, conditions,
mental, physical, emotional.
So when you were working
with your clients,
you could tap into
this, especially
doing phone readings.
They didn't know
what was going on.
You'd have your chart open.
You'd have your pendulum
swinging and say,
I'm hearing you,
but this is what
I'm getting for you, right?
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: So what
you're trying to do
is teach people how to go
and access this themselves.
>>SLATTER: Absolutely.
And the thing that is
so important about using
any kind of divination
tool, whether it
be the pendulum or
oracles, is understanding
that there's a message
that's trying to be delivered
by your guidance.
>>REGINA: All the time.
>>SLATTER: And so it's about
getting, what is that message?
Avoiding yes and no answers
is of paramount importance.
Because if you don't
do that, if you just
asked yes and no
questions, you're
going to get misled and
confused and, ultimately,
become disillusioned.
For example, let's just say
that you have a new job offer,
and you're wanting to know
from your higher guidance,
should you take this job?
And so you get out your pendulum
and ask a yes or no question,
should I do this?
Well, what if your
guidance wants to say,
the timing isn't right
to move into this job.
Yes, we want to
move into it later,
five months down the
road, but not right now.
Or yes, we want you
to take this job,
but it's not your ultimate job.
Well, if you're just
asking yes and no,
and you get that
yes and no, you're
going to run with that answer
and then may get confused later
on when you say,
well, my guidance
said this or that when what
guidance was trying to do
was convey a message to you.
So rather than asking
yes and no, things
like, how strongly would my
higher guidance recommend
on a scale of 1 to
100 then I shouldn't
take this job at this time?
So the quality of
your questions is
going to determine how well you
understand what your guidance
is trying to tell you.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And that book is just one tool
of many, but your own work--
I think that I admire
about what you've
done is you have a
compendium of protocols that
are so clean and so direct that
you, really, it's reference
and cross-reference that
you can't screw up in terms
of divining your truth.
So that's because, again, for
you, you need a lot of proof.
You tended to be very
left-brained in your approach,
like, very logical.
So let's look at the
difference between, say,
what left-brain intuition
looks like versus right-brain
intuition.
>>SLATTER: Well,
and you're going
to be able to speak
to the right brain.
But for me, left
brain is approach
is, I want I want a
protocol of questions.
I don't necessarily, at
least in the beginning,
didn't feel an answer.
And instead, it was
something that I
had to process
through my logic mind.
And so the questions
that I came up with
were process-oriented
and logic-oriented.
>>REGINA: Yeah, very
clear protocols.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, right.
And other people,
though, just are
able to intuit an answer
immediately by how they feel.
And it all comes down
to what works for you?
What's right for you?
But when it comes to someone
who is logic or even intuitive,
the thing that's important to
understand is that the idea
that we all have
our answers within,
and if you just somehow quiet
yourself and get into that--
>>REGINA: That
wonderful zen place.
>>SLATTER: --that,
somehow, that truth is just
going to appear to you, I
think that's very misleading.
Because the truth of it is
that, if you don't have a way
to get outside your mind
and get verification,
you actually don't
know if you're
telling yourself the truth.
And here's why.
>>REGINA: There's
so many filters.
>>SLATTER: There's
There's actually like four
main reasons why we have
difficulty accessing our truth.
And the first one is the
filters that we have.
We've talked about
the experiment
that was done with the gorilla.
>>REGINA: Oh.
That was embarrassing.
I did that one, and although
there are a whole bunch of us.
And this is the video of the
basketball players throwing
the balls back and forth
and the gorilla passing
through the room.
So you can find it on YouTube.
I don't remember
what it's under,
but I think using those
search words, you can find it.
>>SLATTER: The Missing Gorilla.
>>REGINA: Yeah, The
Missing Gorilla.
OK.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
So an audience
was asked to watch
how often the people
in the white t-shirts
passed the basketball.
So they are focused in on that.
And that's the way
our mind works.
We pick a focus, and we
don't see anything else.
And meanwhile, a gorilla
walks into the room
and thumps his chest
and then walks off.
And then the audience is asked,
did you seek the gorilla?
And they go, what gorilla?
>>REGINA: You know.
I know because I
did it at the time
that-- you, of course, know
when-- you all, spoiler alert,
you know what it is now.
But for those who haven't
done it, I did it,
and there were a few other
people in the room that did it.
Only one out of the group
of us saw the gorilla.
I did not see the
gorilla, I was so focused.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: And it was so
embarrassing to think,
how can the brain trick
ourselves like that?
It's really, that's-- I
thank you for bringing it up.
It is one of the most shocking
demonstrations of the filters
we use.
>>SLATTER: We have filters.
We also create pictures
in our mind of what
we are expecting to see.
And this happened for
me fairly recently
when I was looking in
my shelves of cookbooks
for a particular book I
purchased three months prior.
And my picture in my head
was, it was a large, 11
by 14 hardbound cookbook.
And so as I was looking
through my shelves,
I could not find it.
I asked my son's
girlfriend to look for it.
She could not see it.
After I described what
it was looking like,
she goes, OK, tell me
what it looks like.
She looked through all the
shelves-- could not find it.
I'm frustrated,
so I asked my son.
Will you please look
for this cookbook.
Here's the name, but this
time I didn't describe it.
Immediately, he was
able to find it.
Why was he able to find it?
Because he didn't have that.
>>REGINA: The mental
construct, yeah.
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
so in my mind, I
had created a picture
of what it looked like.
Turns out, it was a softbound,
small book about this size.
So that's another reason.
A third reason why we can't
tell ourselves the truth
comes from ontology, which
is the study of being--
you would think, as very
intelligent beings, what
we would do is collect
data from our observations
and make a conclusion
based upon that.
That's not how our mind works.
What happens is, we come up
with the conclusion first,
and then we selectively
pick out evidence
that proves we are right.
>>REGINA: So that's
what we do, yeah.
>>SLATTER: We are always
proving ourselves right.
And so what we
will do is, we will
see evidence that supports our
conclusion, our point of view.
And that's why we can't
tell ourselves the truth.
And the last reason why we
can't tell ourselves the truth,
and we don't even
know if we are,
is because we
don't actually know
if our thoughts are our own.
And the vast majority
of our thoughts aren't.
They are programmed,
programmed from our parents,
from childhood, from
our peers, from society,
from mass consciousness.
We don't even know if
our thoughts are our own.
And so when we sit back in
that quiet space, and we say,
OK, I'm going to intuit
the truth here, how do we--
>>REGINA: You have to
bypass all of that.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
How do we know we're really
telling ourselves the truth?
Well, you need to
get out of your head,
out of your mind confirmation.
And I'll give you an example
of how I recently got out
of my mind confirmation here.
I was asking and thinking
about a particular relationship
in my life where
I felt that it had
to do with the theme
of rescue, rescue,
and the knight in
shining armor comes,
and there's all this fantasy
that, if I'm rescued,
then all my troubles are solved,
and I live happily ever after.
So I thought--
>>REGINA: Believe it or not,
that's actually a bigger theme
than we think, in a
lot of women's lives.
Even though we oh,
I'm self-empowered.
I don't need anybody
to rescue me.
Deep at the core, over
lifetimes and thousands
of years of programming
and dependency--
>>SLATTER: Not to
mention all the novels.
>>REGINA: That can be a
core belief-- and the novels
and fantasy, that is a more of a
core belief than a lot of women
would ever care to see or admit.
>>SLATTER: It totally is.
So I felt this relationship
had that theme behind it.
So I asked my guidance,
can you explain to me
what this theme is, completely
open to maybe it's something
I'm not seeing, knowing
that you can't see something
till you can see it, right?
And you're not
aware of something
until you're aware of it.
Well, I have over 90
oracles in my home.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>SLATTER: Not that anyone
has to go to that extent.
Yes, I'm obsessed.
But I want different
sources of words.
The more sources of
words that I have,
the more accurately
my higher guidance
can pick exactly what
they want to convey to me.
So out of my 90 oracles,
I used my pendulum
to dowse which oracle
had the answer.
So is it on this shelf,
this shelf, this shelf.
Narrow it down, pull the oracle
out, lay the cards out, pull
the card, what is it called?
Rescue.
>>REGINA: I mean,
this is amazing.
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
and it talked all
about the knight
in shining armor,
and are you waiting to be saved?
So two things happen, Regina,
when you get that kind
of out-of-your-head response
and confirmation, two things.
One, you certainly
get confirmation
about what you felt
was your truth.
You have absolute
confirmation about that now.
Secondly, and the more
profound thing is,
you have no doubt
in your mind at all
that you are being spoken to
by something beyond your logic.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Because the odds
choosing that card out
what is it, what 50 cards in
a deck and 90 decks, yeah,
the odds are against it.
>>SLATTER: You know that you are
being spoken to, that something
beyond your intellect has
now been able to convey
a message to you.
And this begins
to create a trust
in that higher
intelligence, that higher
mind, that is speaking to you.
And once you have two
or three of those kinds
of confirmations,
>>REGINA: This is the thing.
>>SLATTER: It changes.
your life.
>>REGINA: You have to practice.
And what I like
about your work is
you have these very clear ways
of creating the questions.
And because you,
yourself, as a person,
you're one of the least
self-delusional people
I've ever met.
Because I know you pretty
well now over the years.
And you're constantly
searching for the truth
whether it's convenient or not.
And so that has allowed you
to create these very clean
protocols, as I said.
So when you go to get
words, you're even clearer.
You'll even divine, do I go to
the first, second, third shelf,
and you'll come down,
how many books down?
And then you open it up.
You know what page.
And all of this, you just
keep refining and refining
and refining to look at what
an incredible result you got.
So now, a lot of people
who are left-brained
feel, then, self-conscious.
They'll think, oh, no,
that's for other people.
Only right-brained
people can get it right.
I'm not talented, skilled,
gifted in this way.
And a lot of people,
and most the world,
of the Western
world in particular,
were wired to be more dominant
in the left side of our brain
and logical, that's most of us.
And so they have a
self-consciousness
around becoming intuitive.
And I love what you do
because it basically blasts
past that particular filter.
I can't do it; I'm left-brained.
>>SLATTER: That's one of
the reasons I love oracles.
How much skill does it take
to pull a deck off your shelf,
shuffle the cards, and lay
them out, and pick them?
How much skill does that take?
>>REGINA: And then, a lot
of times, you can do that
and say, maybe it's
an Inconvenient truth.
It's like, I don't like that.
I'm going to do the
spread, and then you
draw the same card again.
And that happens fairly
frequently, right?
>>SLATTER: It does.
>>REGINA: And you
say, OK, I get it.
Maybe I didn't want this to
be my answer, but here it is.
And so you and I were
talking about this,
and I showed a different way
that I had done it because I
operate opposite to you, right?
And so an example for me in
my own life with that that
was just kind of crazy
and embarrassing is,
I had met this man.
And we were just starting
to get to know each other.
And he lived in Vancouver.
I was going to fly
out for the weekend,
and we just kind of have
fun, have dinner talk,
get to know each other.
But he didn't show up,
and he wasn't available,
and it's like, ooh, I met--
and when is the
designated meeting place,
didn't answer the phone.
Now I'm feeling like a
chump, like I've been played.
And it's kind of embarrassing.
It's, like, what happened?
So I had time on my hands,
and I went to a bookstore.
It was called
Chapters at the time.
And there was this big table
of books that had the faces up.
It was probably a sale
table or something.
Just had lots of books
on this big long table.
And so I thought, hmm, let's
see if there's a message here.
Because I'm very oriented
toward the feeling you
side of intuition,
right, And I guess
clairsentience or whatever.
So I'm just going like this
with my hand over the table
until I felt a stickiness,
and my hand stopped.
I had my eyes closed and went
down on this yellow book,
and it was a novel.
What the heck?
Opened the page, the exact
thing that actually turned out
to be true is what I was told.
He hadn't split up with his
girlfriend named Alison.
This was about a man cheating
on his wife named Alison
and being busted and all this.
And I thought, oh, my god.
And it was right down to
the name of the girlfriend.
>>SLATTER: Oh, my gosh.
>>REGINA: And so it
can work both ways.
And for me, I'd just gotten
comfortable with expansion
and contraction of
energy and stickiness
versus ephemeral
qualities of energy.
>>SLATTER: There are
four main ways that we
receive intuitive information.
People are
clairsentient, like you,
clairaudient where they
can actually hear a voice,
claircognizant,
where they just know.
They don't even know how
they know, they just know.
And then clair--
>>REGINA: --voyant
>>SLATTER: --voyant, where
they actually see information.
And a lot of people are
combinations of those.
>>REGINA: I'm kind of
a combination of all,
depending on the situation.
Sometimes I see;
sometimes I hear.
But it's not just that it can
happen on command in any one
of those modalities, right?
It'll come in the way it's
going to come in that moment.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
And for myself, especially
in the beginning, I needed,
now, a confirmation of what I
felt was intuitive information.
So for example, I might
have heard the voice,
or I felt like I knew
what was going on.
But by getting outside of my
head and getting confirmation,
another way, that's where
all doubt is removed.
And it's also the point at which
you start to develop trust.
When you're
clairsentient, sentient,
and you actually
do have that gift,
you kind of, your whole
life, are aware of it.
And you live your life from
that knowing and bringing
in that intuitive information
throughout your experiences.
But if you're not
taught that, then you
need to develop that
muscle to gain the trust.
It is a skill.
Just like we train
our intellectual mind
to increase our
intelligence, we also
have to train this
intuitive, this, what I call,
your transcendental
intelligence.
There's something
beyond your intellect
where you can tap
into a higher knowing.
You have to strengthen
that muscle and train it.
And so it isn't like, oh, it's
something I did last week,
and I got amazing
confirmation, that's wonderful,
and next year,
I'll try it again.
It's definitely a relationship.
Like any relationship,
that takes time,
it takes commitment, it takes
a constant conversation.
And what I learned
to do, especially
because of writing my
book, "Hiring the Heavens,"
I learned to have a
constant conversation going
with my higher guidance.
And that's where you
strengthen that muscle
and you become smart in that
transcendental intelligence
to where now you're
living your life truly,
as a spiritual being,
having a human experience.
>>REGINA: And
throughout my life,
I didn't know that
I was listening
to anything, especially
in the early years, right?
Because both of us come
from religious backgrounds
when we were young, and
we kind of fled away
from that once we had the
opportunity as so, most
of people that I
interview, oftentimes,
have very fundamentalist type
of upbringings and say, hey,
this isn't working.
So you throw the
whole thing out.
So I'm not even into it.
I'm not interested in the notion
of reincarnation, intuition,
nothing, when I was in my 20s.
But things started happening.
But what I did notice
the whole time,
because I'm very
feeling-centered,
and in human design,
that's my primary capacity,
is that I would feel my
way through situations.
So a lot of people say,
why are you doing this?
It doesn't make any sense.
And it would just be this
awful contracted feeling.
I know it sounds like
a great job offer.
Can't do it, no can
do, I, don't want it.
Are you crazy?
I can't do it.
And then something
else would come along,
and the field would
open up, and it's--
I might even think, I don't
really want to do this,
but I'm feeling like
I have to do this.
So everything was expansion
and contraction, attraction
and repulsion.
And that is one way
that we are accessing
that aspect of ourselves,
but we're not giving it
credit a lot of the time.
Because you tell me
from your own lens,
even though you
use your protocols
and you've developed
this, how much of the time
do you have a feeling of
attraction or repulsion
going on underneath?
>>SLATTER: Actually, now
I'm very in tune to it.
>>REGINA: Well, you are now.
>>SLATTER: Now,
yeah, but not before.
>>REGINA: In the beginning,
you weren't feeling that?
>>SLATTER: I didn't
actually become intuitive
till I was in my 40s.
And I did exactly what you said.
I threw the baby out
with the bathwater,
wanted nothing to do
with spirituality.
>>REGINA: Well, you came from
a really strict fundamentalist,
strange religion,
a cult, basically.
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
and so when people
were talking about
using oracles,
I considered that so woo-woo, I
really thought they were weird
and wanted nothing to do
with those kind people.
And here I am a spiritual
teacher doing this.
Who knows?
>>REGINA: But in the beginning,
you weren't feeling those--
because I take it for granted
everyone feels this contraction
and expansion, repulsion,
attraction, that that's--
so I'm making an assumption,
through my filter,
that that's how we gain
access to intuition.
You're saying no,
not for you, and not
for probably most people.
>>SLATTER: And
we're brainwashed.
So here's what
ends up happening.
Most people are told
what they should want.
You should want a good paying
job, you should want this,
you should want that.
You get your family.
You get your nice house
with the white picket fence,
and these are the things
that you want in life.
And we sit down, and we
say, OK, so do I want
this job in computer science?
Do I want this job in
selling real estate?
And yes, and we're trying
to convince ourselves
that this is what we want.
We don't actually
tune in to that--
>>REGINA: See, I
don't even get that.
How can anyone live a life
without knowing what you want?
>>SLATTER: Yeah, and
they don't actually
tune into what this is.
Well, they go by what
our programming is
and what society
is telling us we
should want, rather than
asking the one part of us that
actually knows, and
then they pursue it.
They pursue that
job in real estate.
I thought that I was supposed
to go into real estate.
And so that was the one
thing that I was going to do,
got the whole course, started
to get certified in it.
And fortunately, there
was a time in my life
where my higher guidance
intervened and said,
you're not going that path.
If I had, if I had
stayed with real estate,
would I be fulfilled
like I am now?
The answer is absolutely not.
>>REGINA: Absolutely not.
>>SLATTER: Maybe I would be
making a ton of money doing it,
very successful.
Would I be fulfilled?
No.
And that's the problem is, if
we go by what other people are
telling us is our truth, this
is why it's so important to have
a way, either if you
are intuitive enough
to divine it yourself or have
a way to get out of your head
and get confirmation from
your higher guidance,
from your soul, is
this right for me?
>>REGINA: Right.
Because this is a big
problem on this planet.
Because we're
looking at survival,
we're forced to deal now with
the institution of, well,
with the reality of money and
gaining currencies in order
to be able to even
have a stable life,
even be healthy and have
a roof over our head.
In the community of
spiritual seekers,
the holy grail seems to be,
oftentimes, you-- often that we
want to blend our true
desire and our Dharma
with our ability to
support ourselves.
And just like what you
were talking about,
this can be really
tricky, right?
>>SLATTER: It can
be really tough.
>>REGINA: It's so tricky,
and it can lead people
to so much heartache.
Now, I want to get into that.
And then I want to get into
the notion of when you're
getting your
intuitive information,
that time is the X
factor on everything.
And that's what really, I
think, kind of bungs people
up on this.
So let's say you realized you
don't like being an accountant.
You never did want to
be, but your dad was one.
You talked into it.
Yeah, you've made some
money, but not enough
to retire or go without a job.
So now you want to
switch professions
into becoming a counselor,
a higher guidance counselor.
Well, Let's talk
about the process
of moving from one to another.
Because Dharma doesn't
always mean money.
>>SLATTER: No.
We've been told that,
find your bliss,
and the money will follow.
>>REGINA: Not necessarily.
>>SLATTER: Not necessarily.
>>REGINA: No, I really
want to dispel that.
Because I know
Mitch Horowitz, whom
I've interviewed a few times.
And he's a real student and very
disciplined in his practice,
and he's found you can.
And there are ways
to certainly maximize
on that potential,
no doubt about it.
But you may have a
Dharma for something
you're totally passionate
about, but you may never
make a dime on it.
Does that mean you don't do it?
No your soul
suffers if you don't
do that thing no matter what.
So I think that determining what
it is your heart's crying out
for, honoring it, is number
one, whether you're going
to make a living at it or not.
But let's talk
about it from there.
>>SLATTER: Well,
it all gets down
to asking the right questions.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SLATTER: Because I
always say, don't just
stop at the most
obvious questions.
Go deeper, or go
deeper, go deeper.
As you go deeper, you may get
the fullness of the picture.
And it's like little
pieces of the puzzle
that you're trying to
understand about your life.
So the most important
thing is for you
to remember that who
you are, as a spiritual,
having this human experience.
So as a spiritual being,
it's understanding that you
are a creator of experience.
And you have, in mind,
certain experiences
you want to receive
from your life in order
to know the truth of something.
Like, for an example,
before your soul incarnated,
your soul might
have said, we want
you to really understand what
it's like to rescue yourself.
We want you to really
understand what
it's like to love yourself.
We want you to really
understand and experience
what it's like to
love someone else.
Whatever it is that
your soul decided
to experience when
it came here, it
began to create experiences
that would support that.
So all of your
life experience is
going to be molded
into getting what it is
your soul desired to know the--
>>REGINA: It doesn't
have anything
to do with your conscious
mind's desire You
can be at counter purposes
an entire lifetime.
And I hear that, even when
people are of age where
they retire saying,
I just haven't
gotten to what it is I
think I want to do yet
or the thing I think
I'm here for yet.
>>SLATTER: Right.
So there's different
aspects of, when
we ask ourselves,
what's our purpose,
we're asking for main
questions, right?
We're asking, what
is it that I want
to know of myself, what is
it that I want to experience
and express of myself,
what is it that I
want to do for a vocation?
That's only one of the four.
And what is it my soul
desires above all else?
So when we're asking that
question, what's my purpose,
and what is it I'm here
to do, and all that,
we don't realize it,
but we're actually
asking four different
distinct questions.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Yes.
>>SLATTER: And so when you can
identify all four of those,
you'll get an idea about--
and these other
pieces of the puzzle.
Oh, so maybe what it is my
soul really, truly desires
is to know what it
is to love myself.
OK, so now we've got that piece.
Then, what is it that I want
to know of myself and my being
and how I express my energy?
And you may find out that
who you truly is a writer.
And you want to bring
forth these words
that you have in
your soul that you
want to bring
forth, put on paper,
and share with the world.
And then you say,
OK, well, then what
is it that I want
to do as a vocation?
>>REGINA: Best-selling author.
>>SLATTER: Best-selling author.
Or maybe you work for a
publishing house or something
that brings you in the money.
Because you and I have joked
about it you're right you know,
that higher guidance
or your angels
may not have ever paid bills,
and they don't certainly
know about time.
>>REGINA: My soul does
not care about money.
>>SLATTER: So we have to
consider that part about, what
is it that I can do
that fulfills my soul
and brings me in money?
Because we're living
in this dimension.
>>REGINA: Sort of like what
you talked about a moment ago.
You have to look at
the practical end,
like with me in media.
I'm doing this today.
But I started doing shows
for $25 a show working
my toosh off, writing and
producing and everything,
and then going on camera
when I was scared to death,
doing sports.
That's not my Dharma.
But this whole thing about
timing we're talking about,
you start somewhere, and
you begin working toward it.
A lot of people see these quite,
quote, "overnight successes."
There is almost no such thing.
A few YouTube phenomenas,
that's about it,
but real overnight successes,
you don't see that often.
So like you said, you
don't have to say,
OK, I'm quitting my job.
I'm devoting myself
to writing this book,
and I'm going to be
a best-selling author
through my sheer projection
and will and intent.
Instead, maybe you get into
the publishing company, right?
Start coming in there for a day
job, learning the ins and outs,
see what kind of books are
trending, what isn't trending?
What's involved in
becoming an author?
And that is much more--
that's kind of a rational,
doable entrance into that.
That's just one example, right?
>>SLATTER: And it's
understanding exactly what you
said is that, everything
is about a step by step--
and the information that's
going to be revealed to you
is important to that next step.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SLATTER: I didn't
become a spiritual teacher
till I was in my 40s.
If my guidance had
said to me, when
I was graduating
from high school,
hey, you're going to
be a spiritual teacher,
I would have flat out
laughed and said no.
>>REGINA: Because
you're, first of all,
running away from all that.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
And so everything's
about a stepping stone
or, you know what?
It's about timing.
And you are revealed.
The information will be
revealed to you as you
need it to take that next step.
And worry about,
well, what is it
going to be going on 10,
20 years down the road.
Oftentimes, whatever is going
to be happening down the road
has so many variants
to it and variables.
Because timing is an
interesting thing.
It's not just your
life path, but it's
intertwined with
so many other life
paths that are going on at the
same time and circumstances
and experiences.
And so when people to get
information from their higher
guide and said, this is going
to happen in three years,
and then it doesn't, they
become disillusioned and say,
my higher guidance lied to me.
>>REGINA: Right.
Well, the thing is, your
soul, your higher mind,
not only doesn't
care about money,
but it has no real sense
of time in this dimension.
So it can see something
that looks imminent.
That might be five
years from now.
And so the way you
do, it does refine
the way you ask the question,
so you're going to get something
closer, but it's mutable.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
A simple example
to understand this
is, if I ask, through
using my pendulum,
I'd say, how much vitamin C
do I need on a daily basis?
And if it tells me I need
500 milligrams, great.
And I say OK, how long
do I need to take that?
It says, well, do this
every day for three months.
Well, what happens if two months
down the road, I catch a flu.
>>REGINA: It's not
applicable anymore.
>>SLATTER: And now it's
not applicable anymore.
So it's just being
open to understanding
that, when you ask
a future question,
it's a best-guess answer based
upon the information of what's
going on right now.
But be open to things changing.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
OK.
So along that line,
I'll tell a little story
about moving parts and
timing and so forth.
So this was in the late 1980s.
Now, at this time, I'm
obsessed with reading books
on vibrational healing
and color therapy.
That's my passion, right?
So I get this whim.
I'm going to go to
Europe and hunt down
the top people, the
top physicists and MDs
in the world when it comes to
the unseen forces and healing
and with a bent
toward color therapy
because that's what I love.
That was my filter.
I found the most amazing
people, Steven Ross
and I have talked
about it on camera
because he was there
a few months before me
talking to the same people
on the same journey because
of color therapy, right?
It's like, the world
needs to know this.
And I'm in media.
I can help inform people.
So I come back.
I create a little pilot
series of five parts.
And through a contact,
I was able to meet
with the head of production for
what are called news inserts,
little pieces like on
your pad or movies that
come into your nightly news,
that's what they produced.
So I have now produced a
bunch of these little segments
called, "A Second Opinion--
How to Begin Looking
at our Health Beyond
the Allopathic Model."
They sign me up.
I've got this fat, juicy,
wonderful contract.
It's like only six,
eight months have passed.
This is exciting.
This is moving along.
So something happens where Time
buys that particular division
of that company.
Now, they freeze everything.
It's OK.
All right.
They say stop.
We're not selling them
to the market yet.
We're just getting
content together.
OK.
So I have to wait about six
months or a year, right?
It's like, OK, go.
And so we start producing.
They're ready to put
him out in the markets.
Stop.
Warner comes in and
buys Time, which became
the megalithic media companies.
That was the beginning of it.
Warner says dumping everything
from selling that division.
A couple years have
passed, and it all
looked like it was a go to begin
with, even got a buy-in on it,
but stuff happens.
And so then, I think,
wow, what made me do that?
But you know what?
I end up coming to
Gaia in 2012, and I
had a show called "The
Healing Matrix," which
was a second opinion.
>>SLATTER: Wow.
>>REGINA: It just took
an additional 20 years
to make it happen, come to
the airwaves as a reality.
It took 20 more years.
And arguably, maybe the
public wasn't really
even ready for it 20 years ago.
And so, do I look at that?
We're looking at the time.
I thought, why did I do that?
It was just a flop.
No.
>>SLATTER: It
wasn't wasted time.
>>REGINA: It wasted time.
It wasn't wasted knowledge.
And the feeling, the impulse
to go and spend my own money
to travel Europe and do
this was so loud and clear,
I couldn't ignore it.
So 20 years later, it shows
up on the airwaves, right?
So that's an idea of moving
parts, of timing, and how
we can't judge these things.
You still have to go with those
impulses, these compulsions,
to do something.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
And trust your higher guidance.
So once you develop that trust--
and you obviously had the trust
then--
but once you develop that trust,
and then something happens
and it doesn't get fulfilled
the way that you thought--
don't go into this
place of doubt,
and say, OK, this doesn't work.
And I'm not intuitive.
And forget it.
Don't throw it all out.
Don't go into that
place of doubt
because just keep
going with, what
is the message my higher
guidance is trying to give me?
And keep going
back to that piece,
that you are a spiritual
having a human experience.
So what is it my soul
is trying to help
me to understand through this?
Because everything's
about the creation of that
experience so that you can
know something about that.
And what did you find
out about yourself
in doing that experience?
A whole bunch.
And you developed a
wisdom and a knowledge
that you were able
to tap into later.
And that's what it
was really about,
not the actual fulfillment
right then and there.
>>REGINA: My guidance--
so what's 20 years?
What's an incarnation?
When someone was asking--
an outside guidance in
my soul group about love.
I said, I don't feel like I've
had a good relationship 3,500
years.
And they're, like,
that's not so long.
And I started crying.
I said it certainly
is if you're here
incarnated in a human body.
And they're like, hmm,
sorry you feel that way.
Kind of nonplused,
not our problem.
>>SLATTER: That's funny.
>>REGINA: So the
big thing here too
that distorts our
perceptions and the answers
we get when we do our
own intuitive work, more
than anything, is
attachment to the outcome.
>>SLATTER: Oh, my gosh, yeah.
>>REGINA: You've talked
about the other factors.
But that's the big one.
>>SLATTER: We can want an answer
to be one thing or another.
And because we want
it, we can actually
fool ourselves into thinking
that it's actually that way.
I went to a very well-known
financial seminar.
And there was a point in
there where they passed out
this four-page questionnaire.
And you were to rate,
on a scale of 1 to 10,
how strongly do you believe
that statement is true?
And I felt like, I've
got my stuff together
about-- you know.
And these things are
just way too obvious.
Like, money doesn't
grow on trees.
Nope, don't believe that.
Things that are obviously going
to be blocks in attracting
money-- well, I
ended up answering
zero to one on every single
one of these, what I felt
were ridiculous statements.
I don't believe any of those.
Because I had a certain
perception of what I think I
knew about money and who I was.
>>REGINA: So wee bit of
assumptions or arrogance
going on there.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, a little bit.
So I went back to my hotel room.
And then I decided ask
my higher guidance.
I took out my pendulum, and I
said, OK I answered 0 and 1,
but am I fooling myself
about some of these?
Oh, yeah.
OK, how many here do
I need to look at?
And there were four of them.
And I went through, and I
dowsed which ones they were.
And I was a 10, like, I strongly
believed they were true.
And at first, I was in
complete denial of it.
And I'm like, you're wrong.
I don't believe that.
So I really had to look at
it because that attachment
to a certain answer and what
our perception is, and yet,
here is all the evidence to the
opposite and we cannot even see
it.
We can go into complete
denial of that.
And I had actually
asked my guidance, OK,
if you say I believe
that, and that's a 10,
show me how that's true.
And they showed me,
and they were right.
>>REGINA: A little
bit of humility
is always a good thing in this.
OK, let's bring another area
in because that influences us
subconsciously.
And not everybody will
buy into this, but I do.
And that has to
do with the notion
of previous incarnations.
>>SLATTER: Oh, my gosh.
>>REGINA: It's a big area.
And it is, if we look at
the subconscious as the sum
total of everything
that's ever been,
that we've ever experienced,
that we carry forward
along with the higher
part of our mind,
from incarnation
to incarnation, it
has a purpose to create, again,
attractions, fear, repulsion
from things we've been
harmed by in the past.
And there's a
purpose for all this.
But you've got a big bag
of previous experiences
and reactions and
traumas that we're
carrying when we're born, before
this life even does its thing.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to go back to
what I said before and say it
again.
We're spiritual beings having--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And our audience knows
that, but still--
>>SLATTER: And we are
creators of experience.
So what ends up happening--
and I look at karma
very differently than
what most people do.
I don't look at it as, oh, you
were whatever in a past life,
so this time you're going
to have the opposite.
I look at it as you a
very curious creator
that wants to explore
a thought form,
and you'll leave
no stone unturned.
So you'll, first
of all experience
it this way to know everything
about that in that way.
And it could be your
entire incarnation
you explored it in that form.
And then, now, in
this lifetime, you're
going to explore it
from the opposite
and see what that feels like.
And sometimes we do that
for the entire life.
Sometimes we get it to a
point where I know everything
about that, and you just--
it's a kind of feeling
like, I've had it.
>>REGINA: I'm done.
>>SLATTER: I'm done with that.
I don't ever need
to visit that again.
And you know, when that happens,
there's a turning point.
And now you turn--
it's like you turn
over the coin,
and you go in a different
direction entirely.
So I look at, whatever's
going on in past lives,
as you were a conscious
creator, deliberately
having these experiences.
Now, having said that-- and
that's the overriding theme.
Having said, that there's
also a lot of trauma
and incidental stuff that's
being caught and carried
forward.
And we had these
knee-jerk reactions
where you meet somebody,
and immediately, you
brace yourself.
Or you get in a tight space,
and you're claustrophobic,
and you go, why am
I claustrophobic?
And why am I having
these feelings?
And those can be
directly related
to something that
happened in a past life.
But guess who knows
everything about you?
>>REGINA: Yeah, your self.
>>SLATTER: Your own self.
Your own higher guidance.
So why not ask the one part
of you that actually knows.
Where is this coming from?
Is it something that I'm
dealing with in this lifetime
that I have great purpose for?
If so, tell me more about this.
And help me to get
the nuances of it.
And if it is
something that you can
get rid of because
it was incidental
and not part of the big plan,
then how do I get rid of this?
Ask the one part of you
that actually knows?
>>REGINA: It's like you
have to be an anthropologist
in your own life.
You really have to
unearth yourself.
>>SLATTER: Really
good way to put it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you have
to unearth yourself.
I mean, this always comes
back to knowing thyself.
However, and I
hesitate to say this,
but I think what happened when
the New Age movement really
came into full bloom,
which was in the 1980s,
and then strengthened
more in the '90s--
now, there was new
thought before that.
But in the 1980s there was
a burgeoning of channelers
and new thought and so forth.
And power of positive
thinking was really
employed in a new way and such.
But what it tended to do was
create shortcuts and bumper
stickers.
>>SLATTER: Totally.
>>REGINA: And we need to
talk about that because what
you do is not that.
You have done your
due diligence probably
more than anyone in
this field I know.
I mean, you're so strategic.
You work hard at it.
You've put protocols,
courses together from it.
And I'm not just saying
that to be complementary.
I'm saying you didn't take the
shortcut, and you're not in--
I don't suggest people
take the shortcut,
even though I, myself,
am guilty of that
sometimes because I can sit
down and say, yes, show me
what going.
OK got it, up and gone
already without looking
at the implications, even.
Let's talk about this
shortcut-bumper-sticker world
that's called "New Age."
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
It really appealed
to using spirituality
for materialistic gain.
And the short term, not
the big message behind it,
but just rather the short term,
I want to get what I want.
And so if I just focus on
what it is that I want,
if I just state things
in the positive,
if I just have enough
attitude of gratitude--
the list goes on and on--
I will actually get that
amazing yacht or whatever
it is that I'm desiring.
>>REGINA: It was really
about fulfilling desire.
>>SLATTER: Fulfilling desires.
>>REGINA: Instead of
spiritual soul development.
>>SLATTER: Exactly.
So from a soul point
of view, does the soul
care about getting that yacht?
No.
It was appealing to a
childlike aspect of ourselves.
If you are to ask a child what
he wants to eat for dinner,
the child's going to say,
I want ice cream, mom.
I want ice cream.
And that's what it wants.
And if you tell that child well,
just think positive about this,
and you'll get ice cream.
Well, what happens if,
from a higher viewpoint,
the mother says, no, this
isn't in your best interest
to feed you ice cream every day.
And so because it's in
your best interests,
here's how we're going to
sit down and eat our meals,
and this is what's going
to be on your plate.
This is a higher view
saying and expressing
what is good because the child
doesn't have the wisdom yet
to discern that.
>>REGINA: That's a
really good example
because it almost ended up
infantilizing us in terms
of our spiritual development.
>>SLATTER: So then we
started thinking, OK,
as the New Age started getting--
the new thinking that says,
I can use the power
of spirituality
to get what I want.
And I can have my "ice cream."
And then we tended to
get a very limited view
of what we thought was success.
Success was that you are
bringing in beaucoup bucks,
and you've got this perfect
relationship, and perfect kids,
and this and that.
And all I did was, I
said my affirmations,
and I attracted it to me.
And you can too.
And then it brings about
a guilt that says, wait,
that's not happening for me.
I must not be doing it right.
>>REGINA: Because the
gurus were doing it right.
We've seen all the films,
Especially in the '90s, yeah.
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
and then we started
to get this limited view
of what success was.
Well, the truth of it is,
when you use spirituality
in that way, if that
is in your path--
and I'm very
appreciative of all those
that brought that
forth because there
is an aspect of that that--
>>REGINA: Yes, in
fact, I'm going
to bring that exact example up.
>>SLATTER: I think it's awesome.
It's not like saying
this isn't good.
It's saying that it's this,
and it's this, and it's this,
and it's this, and
understanding that you're--
to get to the message your
soul wants to bring forth,
what is it your soul desires?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And so I'm going to take it
through that lens because I
was guilty of it myself.
So when I would do,
maybe 25 years ago,
I started doing vision boards.
On New Year's Eve.
And I've mentioned this before.
But the thing about
it was this, somehow,
I understood how to do it
so that it actually works.
And that's because I can
bypass my mind pretty easily.
Because I go on this really
primal kind of feeling.
So what would happen is I put
my little vision board together.
And I remember
even the first one.
This is what I was doing.
And my friends, I notice,
we're not doing this.
And it goes back to mind
attachment and expectation
again.
I said, look, when
we do this, let's
have a little
glass of champagne,
loosen it up, and go
through our images,
just fly through them like
a little kid, just like,
oh, I love the color blue.
I'm ripping that page out
just because it's blue.
And I was really
specific in saying,
just kind of go
with a feeling, back
to this whole feeling thing,
because that works for me.
So the stuff on my
board would happen.
Like, this one year, I had--
literally, I put
a piano on there.
I didn't have a piano.
I put scuba diving.
I put horseback riding.
This looks like something out
of a "Town & Country" magazine
or whatever, right?
And it was just feelings
of pictures I saw.
All those things came to me as
gifts that year, unexpectedly.
All that stuff happened.
And so my friends will say,
how come yours happens,
and mine doesn't happen?
And they start feeling
self-conscious about it.
And so the thing is,
I started watching
what was going on
when people were
putting their boards together.
They're looking at
images, and they're
studying it saying,
well, I think
that's a good word for me.
No, I think that would be
a good word for me to have.
Filter, filter, filter, put
everything through the filter.
So they looked at a board
that had words all over it
and things that, to me, didn't
have any coherence or joy
or anything.
And so I became inadvertently
serving the wrong purpose
because, for me, it
seemed so natural.
But it wasn't the way
most people work with it.
>>SLATTER: But what did
you learn from that?
>>REGINA: I learned that there
are other ways to do this.
And that's where I
start-- when I met you,
I had so much respect for
what you do because you do it
in the way that I don't do it.
So I am only bringing that up
to say that, yes, those vision
boards can come true and work.
I've done it a lot.
But not if you're not hearing
that wonderful whispering
from the higher
aspect of yourself.
It's just, like, oh, god,
I'd love to be underwater.
It's just a feeling.
Boom, it happened.
The point is, it wasn't
spiritual development.
It was fun.
I wanted things that we're
going to be pleasurable in life,
just like what you
were talking about,
this materialistic
kind of approach to it.
>>SLATTER: And so much of that
is somebody else telling them
what should be on the board.
>>REGINA: Right.
Never.
Never, ever.
That does not work at all.
>>SLATTER: No, it doesn't.
It's saying everybody
should want this.
Can you imagine, when our souls
came here, they caught the bus
to come to planet earth,
and they were given a card
and said, here's what you
have to obtain in your life--
big house-- check,
the right family--
check--
>>REGINA: One dull planet.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, like
one-size fits all.
And yet, that's
kind of what we're
programmed into believing.
>>REGINA: No, we
are, absolutely.
So now let's go to something
that brings you into the now.
Because we talked about the
other forms of intuition.
Like our stories where
things just took so much time
to actually manifest.
I think one really
interesting way
of expanding one's
capabilities if someone really
wants to dive into
it is to-- you
can go to little clinics, for
example, on remote viewing.
What's nice about
remote viewing clinics
is that there's something
in a box on the podium.
You have two minutes.
At the end of the
lectures and the practice,
you have two minutes
to draw or write out
what's in that little
box on the podium.
So you're able to
gain trust in yourself
because it's in the now.
There are no moving parts.
There's a thing sitting here,
you just can't see it, right?
So that's one little
tool, I think,
for developing intuitive
capacity and faith in self
because it really comes
down to trusting yourself.
>>SLATTER: Right.
I tell people that,
in the beginning,
to be very gentle
with their confidence
and not to set themselves
up in a situation
where they could actually have
evidence that they did not
see what was in the box.
>>REGINA: That's true.
Most people are probably not
going to see what's in there.
Erase what I just said.
It's a fun thing to
do, but most people
won't see it the first time.
So you're right.
It could destroy
your confidence.
>>SLATTER: It could destroy
your confidence, yeah.
>>REGINA: It's a now thing.
>>SLATTER: It is a now thing,
and it is a lot of fun,
and fun to play with.
But I wouldn't say to yourself,
if you didn't see anything,
I can't do this.
And I do have people that say
to me, I am not intuitive.
I never get anything.
People tell me to sit
down and visualize this.
I never see anything.
Everything is blank.
They said they feel colors,
and they have a tingling,
and I don't get anything.
And then they just dismiss this
idea that they are in any way
intuitive.
Well, that's almost
in denying of the fact
that, wait a minute.
You have a higher guidance.
You are never not in touch
with your higher guidance.
You're always in touch.
It's alive and well.
We just have to find the
way that works for you.
And so what I like to do is
to have things that require
absolutely no skill whatsoever.
>>REGINA: And that's what
I love about your work
and because it works.
So we're out of time.
So just really briefly, what
are you working on right now?
Because I know you have your
courses online and layers
you take people through.
What is getting your
jets going this moment.
>>SLATTER: Oh, I am
so jazzed about this.
I have a new membership
that I'm creating
called Raise Your TQ, which
is your transcendental
intelligence.
And the way that I'm
putting this membership
together is to come up with
very specific questions
that you get to answer
from your higher guidance,
and we do it in a tricky way
that bypasses your logic mind.
Your logic mind cannot answer
because it doesn't know what
the question is.
And you're going to get that
confidence that you want
and develop that trust by seeing
that your higher guidance is
able to answer
questions for you.
They will be spot-on,
jaw dropping.
You'll go, how did I know that?
>>REGINA: Right.
I love it.
>>SLATTER: And that's
what I'm working on.
I am so excited about it.
>>REGINA: Well, I wish
you the best on that.
And again, I always
enjoy these conversations
because we're on the same page.
If we can listen and truly
hear our higher voice,
life just smooths out
and makes a lot of sense.
So thank you for
joining me today, Jean.
>>SLATTER: Thank
you so much Regina.
>>REGINA: To connect
with Jean's work
and class is, you can go
to creativemystic.com.
A lot of bonding
happens there too.
So until next time, thank you
for joining us on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]